legalistic training can take very lakes but most cryptologic linguist
study for almost a year well my course in %HESITATION Vietnamese was
scheduled to be thirty seven weeks but when you got a couple of weeks
no reporting on board and then a couple weeks checking out it really
I was at DLI ECT in Washington DC for almost an entire year studying
Vietnamese the people studying Mandarin Chinese and Russian written
forty eight week courses which is another ten weeks longer than
we had so they were there close to year and a quarter a year and a
half before they got out of so about a year would be a good response
how long it takes to train equip logically list